Cheng Shoucheng, you actually said that you rubbed out the elixir casually
It is more powerful than the elixir of Hongyan Lost Ancestor
Our Qi family is going to be exhausted by you
Shoucheng, I know you are doing it for our own good
But the ancestor of beauty is something we can't afford to offend
I heard that he can change the world when he sees it
Your Qi family is not worth mentioning in front of him
To quell the fire of the lady lord
Qin Shao three days later
I will come to the door to apologize in person.
Yes, yes, please also invite Young Master Qin and the Red Army Master
Give us a chance to ask him to correct himself
Hey, don't enter
I will let these daughters
It's okay to compensate Young Master Qin first?
You are easy to mix, right?
Offended Master Hongyuan
Even if the king of heaven comes
I can't save your mud ball
I will give it to the master truthfully
Just wait to die
Let's go
Captain, beast